Docs: Reduce words in a note (#18884)
fleetdm/fleet: docs/Using Fleet/Automations.md

Vulnerability automations are triggered if Fleet detects a new vulnerability (CVE) on at least one host. 

> > Note that a CVE is treated as "new" by Fleet if it was published within the preceding 30 days by default. This setting can be changed through the [`recent_vulnerability_max_age` configuration option](https://fleetdm.com/docs/deploying/configuration#recent-vulnerability-max-age).

Author: ```suggestion
> Note that Fleet treats a CVE as "new" if it was published within the preceding 30 days by default. This setting can be changed through the [`recent_vulnerability_max_age` configuration option](https://fleetdm.com/docs/deploying/configuration#recent-vulnerability-max-age).
```
